White House Proposes Evenly Cutting Water Allotments From Colorado River
California Economy Is on Edge After Tech Layoffs and Studio Cutbacks
Online Meme Group Is at Center of Uproar Over Leaked Military Secrets
U.S. Officials Speak to Ukrainians After Document Leaks
South Korea’s president sought to play down the Pentagon leak, which opposition lawmakers called a major breach.
Alvin Bragg Sues Jim Jordan in Move to Block Interference in Trump Case
Gunman Who Killed 5 in Louisville Left Note and Bought Rifle Legally
Jet-Setting With Clarence Thomas Puts Spotlight on Eccentric Billionaire
How Ukraine’s Power Grid Survived So Many Russian Bombings
A leaked document outlines four “wild card” scenarios that could each escalate the Russia-Ukraine conflict.
Russian lawmakers voted in favor of new measures that would make it much harder to avoid a military draft.
The R.T.O. Whisperers Have a Plan
Pressured by Their Base on Abortion, Republicans Strain to Find a Way Forward
Biden to Celebrate Diplomacy, and His Own Irish Roots, in Belfast
A Prizefighter’s Double Life, at Madison Square Garden and at Stonewall
During Ramadan, Palestinians Picnic in Aqsa Compound to Break Fast
The Diabetes Drug That Could Overshadow Ozempic
Ski, shoot, repeat: I tried biathlon, an Olympic sport that combines skiing and target shooting.
Many apps for online collaboration can also help to plan events with friends and family.
Tennessee Republicans’ Lust for Vengeance Not Only Failed, It Backfired
An Undemocratic Power Play in Tennessee
Liberals Have a Blind Spot on Defense
What Happened to America? We Asked 12 People in Their 70s and 80s.
Inequality Ahoy! On the Meaning of the Superyacht
Three People Have the Power to End an Absurd Workplace Nightmare. This Video Is for Them.
Clarence Thomas Is as Free as Ever to Treat His Seat Like a Winning Lottery Ticket
The Next Season of America Looks Brutal
Some People’s ‘Funny’ Is Other People’s ‘Offensive’
He’s a Brutal Dictator, and One of the West’s Best Friends
54 Years Ago, a Supreme Court Justice Was Forced to Quit for Behavior Arguably Less Egregious Than Thomas’s
A Judge’s Attempt to Outlaw an Abortion Pill
The Cold Truth at the Heart of ‘Succession,’ Lying on an Airplane Floor
What Biden’s Top A.I. Thinker Concluded We Should Do
Trump Could Go to Prison and Then Walk Free. Here Are the Five Investigations He Faces, Explained.
R.I.P., W.F.H.? Not So Fast.
Read Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
Why Ron DeSantis Is Taking Aim at the Federal Reserve
5 Reasons Democrats Picked Chicago for Their 2024 Convention
Security Robots, DigiDog, GPS Launchers: Welcome to New York
Sex Abuse, Beatings and an Untouchable Mississippi Sheriff
Leaders in Congress Given Records Found at Homes of Biden and Trump
Auctioneer Admits to Helping Create Fake Works Shown as Basquiats
Combative President of New York Police Union to Bow Out After 6 Terms
New Pressure to End Old Senate Practice After Judicial Pick Is Blocked
Judge Limits Fox’s Options for Defense in Dominion Trial
Leadership of Foundation Honoring Justin Trudeau’s Father Quits
Can Boracay Beat Overtourism?
Lessons in Civility and Compassion
Bearing ‘The Weight’ of Feeling Alone
Sherri Shepherd Skates Through Life
Booking the Paris Olympics for 2024? What to Know.
The Bronx Burners: The Base-Stealing Technique Transforming the Yankees
The ‘Shark Tank’ Salesman Cleaning Up a College Sports Debacle
Wrexham Keeps Producing More Drama Than Hollywood
What Is the N.B.A. Play-In Tournament, and How Does It Work?
The N.F.L. Is Coming to YouTube TV. Here’s How Much It Will Cost You.
How the University of Georgia Handles Its Mascot Succession Plan
Wordle
Today’s Wordle Review
Spelling Bee
The Crossword
Letter Boxed
Tiles
